hello everyone in this video i will be
breaking down countdown
this movie is based on an app that tells
you how much time you have left to live
when your time runs out a demon will
kill you in a quick but scary way
the movie starts off with people
enjoying their time at a party and there
are a lot of red cups
this particular group of friends is
talking about each other and some other
people behind their backs
one of them is on their phone and
stumbles on an app called countdown
this girl says that the purpose of the
app is to tell whoever downloads it how
long they have to live
the whole group downloads the app and
most of them have decades left to live
except for courtney
the app on her phone says she only has a
few hours to live but obviously the
group is not taking this seriously
courtney is about to leave with her
drunk boyfriend but she doesn't want to
drive and have the app predict her death
she arrives home and when her time runs
out she is killed by something pulling
her into the air
she was actually supposed to be killed
if she drove with her boyfriend because
he crashed the car and a tree branch
went straight through the seat she would
be sitting in
we meet the main character quinn
she is a nurse and checks in with the
survivor of the car crash evan tells her
that the app correctly predicted
courtney's death
he also tells her that the app says he
will die when he is in surgery
quinn tells one of her coworkers this in
hopes she will comfort him
when quinn is with her co-workers they
all have downloaded the app and this guy
has 57 years left to live
quinn also downloads the app and agrees
to the terms and conditions only to find
out she has a few days left to live
then this doctor walks into the elevator
and weirdly touches her on the neck
we see that evan only has a few minutes
left to live so he runs away in hopes of
surviving
while in the hallway a person in a cloak
stands still behind him
he is able to get into the stairwell
when he sees a lady with her body on
backward
seconds later he gets thrown off the
stairwell and dies
quinn is now very paranoid so she goes
to evan's body to unlock his phone
while walking through the hallway the
app tells her the agreement was broken
and we see the cloaked being in the
other room quinn gets home and searches
for the countdown app
she opens up a video link of a girl
supposedly seeing creepy things and then
she dies seconds later but everyone
thinks it's fake
because quinn can't get the app off her
phone she takes it to a phone repair
shop
she buys a new phone and sees the
countdown app is already back
while at a bar quinn starts to talk with
matt who also only has a few hours left
to live according to the countdown app
they use this guy's phone to read the
apps agreement
they realize that because they altered
their fate the agreement was broken
resulting in them dying when the
countdown is done
this priest tells them to see the
demonologist that is at the hospital
when they go to the hospital quinn is
pulled away by one of her co-workers
matt is in the bathroom and sees a kid's
feet turn in the other direction
the lights flash and this kid jumps out
at him but then disappears when the
lights turn back on
queen and matt find the demonologist in
hopes he can help them
father john shows them a book and
explains that what's happening to them
happened to a prince hundreds of years
ago
he also says that the demon responsible
for this is named ozin
quinn and matt meet with the phone
repairman in hopes they can help them
again
he is able to hack into the app's code
and manually change how much time they
have left to live
matt and quinn are very relieved that
they now have more years left to live
because they are still scared they both
agree to spend the night together at
quinn's home
while talking quinn brings up a story
about when she went out to a party and
when her mom went looking for her she
died when a drunk driver hit her
matt is in bed with quinn when we
actually see him walk into the room
they realized that the app hack didn't
work and they now only have a few hours
left to live
quinn's sister also only has a few hours
left to live and the demon ozin is
scaring her
quinn grabs her sister and all three of
them go to father john in hopes he can
help them
he says he can beat ozin if he proves he
is a liar
so all he has to do is keep them alive
for one second longer than what the time
says
they get into a protective circle that
is surrounded by holy salt so when ozin
shows up it cannot reach them because
they are protected
ozin appears as matt's dead brother and
gets him to step outside the circle so
it can grab him
when quinn finds him he suddenly gets
hit by a car right on time
quinn goes to the hospital to treat her
sister's wounds when rachel tells her
about the things the creepy doctor has
done to her
because they only have a few minutes
left she decides to try and kill the
creepy doctor to prove ozin is a liar
the doctor follows her into a closed
part of the hospital when she jumps out
and starts to beat the man
she is about to kill him but ozin helps
him out and drags him away
her sister's time is almost up so ozin
terrorizes her by scaring her and
throwing her through windows
right before he kills her queen shows up
and has another plan
she decides to kill herself by
overdosing on morphine to prove ozin is
a liar and break the curse
ozin holds quinn up and then disappears
into black dust
quinn's sister runs over to her and sees
instructions written on her arm
she grabs the drugs and is able to
revive quinn
later the family visits her mom's grave
and everything seems back to normal
until the countdown app is back on her
phone
that is how the movie ends
let me know what you think of this movie
and if you enjoy this content feel free
to watch some of my other videos